Now let's talk about building the custom tools that we can write our own and then start using it using
the large language model.
So how do we actually do that?
Well, if you just go to the tool page of our lamp chain, they have given this how tos of using creating
your own tool.
So when constructing an agent, you need to provide it with a list of tools that you can use beside
the actual functions that is called.
And the tool consists of several components.
It says name, description, arg, schema, return direct.
And they have got some details over here like how you can write the functions lang chain runners and
subclasses from the base tools.
So these are three different ways that you can actually create a tool.
It can be either a functions like a normal Python function, or you can write a Java like a lang chain
Runnables.
Or you can also use a subclass of base Bayes tool.
And then you can write from there.
So all these things you can do it.
And then you need to create a function.
For instance, if you're just going to create a function all you have to do is just use a decorator
add tool decorator for any of your Python code.
And that becomes a tool already.
Amazing.
That's very easy and straightforward way of doing it.
Or you can also create an async implementation of the tool over here.
And these are the details which is available.
And the one which I was talking about with the uh with the structured tool.
So this is the structure tool.
That is what we are going to be writing anyways.
And they also have got this, uh, creating runnables like tools from Runnables where they have given
like how you can create a runnables like chain as tool, you can make even a chain as a tool and then
you can respond from there on as well.
This is also something that you can do to create a tool.
So you can make an entire runnables as a chain.
And then you can use this subclass based tool.
So you can use this subclass.
You can see that the base tool has been passed in the class method, uh in a class constructor.
And then you can uh you can create the tool from there.
So these are three different ways that you can create a tool.
And we'll first start off with the with the add tool decorator in this particular lecture.
So for doing that I'm going to put a markdown over here I'm going to say creating custom tools.
And I'm going to start adding things over here.
So for building a custom tool we are going to import this from Lang chain dot tools I'm going to import
tool.
That's it.
That is the only, uh, import that I have to do in order for me to work with the tools.
And over here I'm going to, uh, create a method called as def of add numbers for that matter.
Right.
I'm going to say the number which I'm going to be adding is basically going to be an variable like there
are two parameters.
One is the int like a which is of an int type, and b which is also of an int type.
And this guy is also going to return me an integer.
Right.
That is what this particular method is doing.
And over here I'm going to say a description property which is important for the LM to understand.
While it calls the tool because it needs to know which tool it needs to call.
So you need to have a description there and you're going to say add two numbers and return.
Results.
That is what this particular tool is doing.
And I'm going to return an integer as well.
So I'm going to say add into a and int b.
Look at that.
This is how I actually create the simple super simple function in the Python.
And in order to make this function as an tool, I need to use this add tool decorator.
That's it.
This is already a tool right now.
So if I want to, um, invoke this particular tool, you know how we do it in our large language model
or prompts or whatever runnables that we have?
This is already a runnable right now.
So in order for me to invoke this, all I have to do is like print off, add numbers, dot invoke over
here.
And because it requires two parameter to be passed, you know how we do that.
So we are just going to say a which is going to be ten and B, uh, which is going to be 20 for that
matter.
And let's try to print the value.
Look at that 30.
So this is how we invoke this particular, uh, custom tool over here.
But this is we're calling the tool directly, like how we have called over here for the Wikipedia dot
run.
Or you can also use Wikipedia Invoke for that matter.
Same thing happens for both of them and that is what we are doing over here.
We can even call run, which is also going to return the same thing.
You can also call invoke, which is also going to call the exact same thing.
That is what we have done.
We have created a simple tool and we have invoked it like how we did for the Wikipedia.
And the same thing goes on for the rest of the tools as well.
So for instance, I'm going to create three more tools over here.
I'm going to say probably subtract numbers.
And I'm going to just say subtract.
And I'm going to say subtract two numbers and return result.
And if I'm going to say multiply.
And I'm going to say multiply two numbers.
And I'm just going to multiply them I'm going to return the result.
So this is how I can create three tools over here Uh, within my custom tools, which is amazing.
Right.
And guess what?
We can now even add these tools into an array, and we can call all these tools one by one as well.
We can see all these tools one by one as well.
So for instance if I want to see all of them, like if I want to add all these tools into an array,
I'm going to say tools is equal to uh, I'm going to say probably the Wikipedia tool and add numbers,
uh, subtract numbers and multiply numbers.
And if I wanted to print all these tools, um, for instance, I wanted to store all the tools into
a collection, but along with their names and what this tool does, because this is required for me
in the later point of operation, which I'm going to be doing.
And that's the reason why I also need to do it right now.
So I'm going to say list of Rules is equal to.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to iterate through all the tools, which is going to be for tool
in tools.
And I wanted to store all the tool names and the tool details in them.
So the way I'm going to do it is I'm going to say tool dot name.
And this is the tool that I wanted to store in.
And now let's try to print this list of all the tools that I have got.
See, I have not just the custom tools alone, but I have also used the already built in built tool,
which is the Wikipedia tool that I have just downloaded from the community.
And while I run this particular code over here, uh, oops, sorry, multiply numbers.
Or maybe I did not even executed this line of code.
That is a problem.
Run that.
And now let's try to run this.
Ah, there we go.
So that is working.
So you see that now we have all the tools that Wikipedia add numbers subtract subtract numbers and multiply
numbers.
So this is already going to store me all the different details of my, uh, of my tools over here.
And look at that.
How the Wikipedia tool is going to be shown.
It's a Wikipedia query run.
This is the API wrapper has been used and it has got the, uh, details like how this particular tool
is going to be executed and the total number of top k result that is going to return is three.
The language is going to be English.
And these are the details of this particular tool.
Similarly for add numbers it is a structured tool.
See that this is a structured tool because we have structured it in this way and it is an add numbers.
The description is this and this is the thing that is going to do right.
Same for the subtract numbers and the multiply numbers.
So now we have created a tool list which is going to show me all the tools which is available within
my system.
And the next operation that we actually need to do is how we can invoke this tool with the power of
our large language model, which is magic.